ZBT-1: about data stored on the device (#653)
NabuCasa/support: src/connect-zbt-1/data-handling/about-stored-data.md

  labels: connect zbt-1
---

> If you use Home Assistant Connect ZBT-1 as a Zigbee adapter, it stores your Zigbee network information as well as paired devices.

Reviewer: In a way, device information can also be seen as part of the Zigbee network, so I think just mention Zigbee network seems fine. Maybe to make it clear that it contains credentials to the network something like this?

```suggestion
If you use Home Assistant Connect ZBT-1 as a Zigbee adapter, it stores your Zigbee network information including the private Zigbee network key.
```

If you use Home Assistant Connect ZBT-1 as a Thread adapter, it does not store network information. With Thread, all network information is stored on Home Assistant.

> Home Assistant Connect ZBT-1 does not store any other user data, such as Wi-Fi credentials.

Author: yes, but a few weeks after you added the device, do you remember how you added them? Unless I check the label on the stick, I might not even remember which one is used for which protocol.
